0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

Script 0: Changes user ID to 'betty'

Script 1: Prints the effective userid of current user

Script 2: Creates an empty file called 'hello'

Script 3: Prints all the groups the current user belongs to

Script 4: Changes owner of the file 'hello' to betty

Script 5: Adds execute permission to the owner of the file 'hello' in the working directory

Script 6: Adds execute permission to the owner and group owner and read permissions to others

Script 7: Adds execution permission to the owner, group owner, and the other users to the file 'hello'

Script 8: Sets permissions of file 'hello' to ______rwx

Script 9: Sets the mode of file 'hello' to rwxr_x_wx

Script 10: Mirrors the permissions of the 'olleh' file to the 'hello' file

Script 11: Adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner, and all other users

Script 12: Creates a directory with permissions 751 in the current directory

Script 13: Changes the group owner to holberton for the file 'hello'

Script 14: Changes all owner to betty and the group owner to holberton for all files and directories in the working directory

Script 15: Changes the owner and group owner of the symbolic link file '_hello'
to 'betty' and 'holberton' respectively

Script 16: Changes the owner of the file hello to betty only of it is owned by the user guillaume


Script 18: A man page for Holberton School

Commit message:

added Star_Wars file with updated readme

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

Script 0: Changes user ID to 'betty'

Script 1: Prints the effective userid of current user

Script 2: Creates an empty file called 'hello'

Script 3: Prints all the groups the current user belongs to

Script 4: Changes owner of the file 'hello' to betty

Script 5: Adds execute permission to the owner of the file 'hello' in the working directory

Script 6: Adds execute permission to the owner and group owner and read permissions to others

Script 7: Adds execution permission to the owner, group owner, and the other users to the file 'hello'

Script 8: Sets permissions of file 'hello' to ______rwx

Script 9: Sets the mode of file 'hello' to rwxr_x_wx

Script 10: Mirrors the permissions of the 'olleh' file to the 'hello' file

Script 11: Adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner, and all other users

Script 12: Creates a directory with permissions 751 in the current directory

Script 13: Changes the group owner to holberton for the file 'hello'

Script 14: Changes all owner to betty and the group owner to holberton for all files and directories in the working directory

Script 15: Changes the owner and group owner of the symbolic link file '_hello'
to 'betty' and 'holberton' respectively

Script 16: Changes the owner of the file hello to betty only of it is owned by the user guillaume

Script 17: Plays StarWars Episode IV on the terminal

Script 18: A man page for Holberton School
